docs: initial start of the maintainership docs under the bounty program (#1894)
asyncapi/community: docs/maintainership-guide/overview/program-goals.md

## Program Goals

- **Grow the Number of Active Maintainers**  
    Empower active contributors to become confident, independent maintainers who can lead, triage, and guide AsyncAPI projects.

- **Encourage Long-Term Engagement**  
    Foster deep contributor relationships that extend beyond the program period, encouraging sustainable, long-term involvement.

- **Transfer Knowledge and Practices**  
    Enable maintainers to pass on project-specific context, workflows, and best    practices to contributors in a structured way.
    
- **Improve Project Scalability & Sustainability**
    Help distribute project's workload by onboarding more hands to support project  maintenance, roadmap execution, and community support.
    
- **Strengthen Community Culture**  

>     Promote empathy, communication, and mentorship as essential qualities in open source ecosystem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Promote empathy, communication, and mentorship as essential qualities within the open source ecosystem.
```

## Program Outcomes

By the end of the program, participants will have:

- Successfully contributed to key issues, features, or processes within the AsyncAPI organization projects.
  
- Gained practical experience in project maintainability, issue triaging, and release workflows(code-related projects).

- Demonstrated a clear understanding of what it means to be an open-source maintainer, technically and socially.
  
- Enough knowledge to onboard new aspiring contributors to the AsyncAPI organization where they can learn, grow and contribute to exciting projects.
  
- Built meaningful connections within the AsyncAPI community and developed career-impacting skills.
  

> - For mentors, refined mentorship and coaching abilities, and shared ownership of projects roadmap and responsibilities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For mentors, refined mentorship and coaching abilities, and shared ownership of the project roadmap and responsibilities.
```
